this is ralph fervent in ontario at the
citizens business bank arena where
sunday afternoon the UCLA Bruins got
their 2011-2012 season underway with an
exhibition win over Cal State San
Bernardino let's hear from the
victorious UCLA locker room it's always
a new experience every year just getting
used to know how people play what
they're going to do in certain
situations and then like his time goes
on will obviously get better at that and
I think everybody's happy with where
we're at right now like as far as
getting used to each other obviously
there's things that we need to improve
but we're just going to get better every
day first game just glad I got it you
know how to lanham abell it's definitely
a going into I didn't really have any
higher expectations or anything i just i
knew i was going to be moving a thousand
miles an hour and i was going to be
racing and probably hurrying a lot and I
mean that's exactly what happened I
tried to stay calm but I mean a lot of
times my emotions got the best of me and
I just was you know Russian but I mean
got that first one done and now from
here I could just you know progressed
and I know what it's like so I could
just you know work on what I need to
work on from here on out feels good I
mean you know of course we were wanted
to win by little normal but we're
playing a good team that you know it's
been preparing for us and you know what
more can we ask for we got a win in our
first game you know as a team so we just
got to keep improving that was all the
learning experience out there today I
mean that's the first like real game we
played I mean that's the first real game
I played in you know a year and a half
so I mean from here we just you know
take it one step at a time I'm gonna be
much more calm next time we go out there
we're gonna be much more you know we
know what to expect now so I mean that's
a good starting point for us and I think
we just have you know we could have
proved from here let me start going to
more moves start finishing around the
basket hidden more moves and I mean the
free throws were ok but you know six or
twelve is another greatest for me so
especially one and
it's exciting to get our new season
underway and like you said we're away
from home but we'll have to get used to
it and I thought it was exciting for
especially Tyler lamb to be able to play
in front of his home town and then from
now on we're either going to be in
anaheim or downtown so we'll get ready
for that once again UCLA with an eighty
seventy two exhibition win over Cal
State San Bernardino he bones are back
in action this friday when they host
Loyola Marymount at the Los Angeles
sports arena of course the best news and
notes on UCLA basketball get it all
right here UCLA bruins calm